>>> ON THIS EDITION FOR SUNDAY
JUNE 8th, SERGEANT BOWE BERGDAHL
TELLS DOCTORS OF THE TORTURES BY
THE TALIBAN.
ONE YEAR LATER, THE GLOBAL
IMPACT OF EDWARD SNOWDEN
ONCES SHACKLED BY HIS OW
FAMILY, THIS MAN RETURNS HOME.
THE STIGMA OF MEANT A ILLNESS IN
SOMALIA.
FROM THE TISCH STUDIOS FRO
LINCOLN CENTER IN NEW YORK
>> THANKS FOR JOINING US
NEW REPORTS TODAY THAT ARM
SERGEANT BOWE BERGDAHL WAS
TORTURED BY THE TALIBAN IN
AFGHANISTAN.
BERGDAHL RELEASED RAFT WEEKEND
AFTER ALMOST FIVE YEARS IN
CAPTIVITY HAS TOLD OFFICIALS H
WAS PUT IN A METAL CAGE IN TOTAL
DARKNESS FOR WEEKS AFTER H
TRIED TO ESCAPE.
BERGDAHL IS RECOVERING AT AN
ARMY HOSPITAL IN GERMANY
OFFICIALS SAY HE'S PHYSICALL
ABLE TO TRAVEL BUT IS NO
EMOTIONALLY STRONG ENOUGH TO B
REUNITED WITH HIS FAMILY WHO HAS
HE DECLINED TO SPEAK WITH SO
FAR.
MEANWHILE, CONGRESSIONAL
BACKLASH FOR THE DEAL OF
SWAPPING FIVE TALIBAN INMATE
FOR BERGDAHL TINZ.
>> WE HAVE MADE A SERIOUS,
SERIOUS MISTAKE.
WE'VE EMPOWERED THE TALIBAN, THE
ONE THING THEY WANTED MORE THA
ANYTHING, GEORGE,S WAS
RECOGNITION FROM THE U.S
GOVERNMENT SO THEY CAN USE IT TO
PROP GANDIZE AGAINST AREAS THA
ARE UNSECURE IN AFGHANISTAN.
THEY GOT ALL OF THAT
>> IN HIS FIRST PUBLIC REMARKS
ABOUT THE BERGDAHL RELEASE, JOHN
KERRY SHOT BACK AT CRITICISM O
THE ADMINISTRATION'S ACTIONS
>> TO LEAVE AN AMERICAN BEHIND
IN THE HANDS OF PEOPLE WHO HAD
TORTURED HIM, CUT OFF HIS HEAD
DO ANY NUMBER OF THINGS, I DON'T
ANYBODY THINKS THAT'S THE MOEP
THING TO DO.
>> IT KERRY ISSUED A WARNING T
THE FIVE TALIBAN PRISONERS
EXCHANGED FOR BERGDAHL
>> SO THESE GUYS PICK A FIGH
WITH US IN THE FUTURE OR NOW O
AT ANY TIME, AT ENORMOUS RISK.
WE HAVE PROVEN WHAT WE'RE CABL
OF DOING WITH AL QAEDA
>> MEANWHILE, THE FBI IS
INVESTIGATING FOUR DEATH THREATS
E-MAILED TO BERGDAHL'S FAMILY IN
IDAHO.
>>> TOMORROW, PRESIDENT OBAM
WILL REPORTEDLY TAKE EXECUTIVE
ACTION TO HELP AMERICANS
STRUGGLING WITH STUDENT LOAN
DEBT
THE TOPIC WAS THE SUBJECT OF THE
PRESIDENT'S WEEKLY ADDRESS
>> THE AVERAGE UNDER ITGRADUAT
STUDENT WHO BORROWS FOR COLLEG
GRADUATES OWING ALMOST $30,000
I'VE HEARD FROM TOO MANY YOUNG
PEOPLE FRUSTRATED THEY DID
EVERYTHING THEY WERE SUPPOSED TO
DO AND NOW THEY'RE PAYING TH
PRICE.
>> THE PRESIDENT WILL EXPAND A
PROGRAM THAT CAPS LOAN
REPAYMENTS AT 10% OF A
BORROWER'S MONTHLY INCOME.
THE CHANGE WILL EXTEND LEAF TO
AN ESTIMATED 5 MILLION PEOPL
CURRENTLY INELIGIBLE
THE PRESIDENT WILL ALSO URGE
PASSAGE OF LEGISLATION PROPOSE
BY SENATE IT DEMOCRATS TO ALLO
BORROWERS WITH BIG DEBTS T
REFINANCE THEIR LOANS.
>>> NEARLY 1,000 CHILDREN AR
EXPECTED TO OCCUPY A MAKESHIFT
DETENTION CENTERS IN NOGALAS
ARIZONA, TODAY
THE UNOCCUPIED MIGRANT CHILDRE
WERE CAUGHT TRYING TO CROSS TH
BORDER ILLEGALLY IN THE RI
GRAND VALLEY
MATTRESSES, SHOWERS, PORTABL
TOILETS AND MEDICAL SUPPLY WRZ
BROUGHT IN FOR THE 7 OOSHGS AL
OF WHOM ARE 17 OR DWRUNGER MOR
ARE ON THEIR WAY FROM SOUTHERN
TEXAS, A NUMBER OF AGENCIE
INCLUDING FEMA ARE WORKING
TOGETHER TO HELP THE TEXAS
BORDER PATROL AND HELP TRANSFE
THE CHILDREN TO NOGALAS.
AFTER THREE DAYS AT THE CENTER
THEY'LL BE SENT TO ONE OF THRE
DIFFERENT MILITARY BASES
>>> IN VATICAN CITY TONIGHT,
THERE WAS A PRAYER MEETING
INCLUDING ISRAELI AN
PALESTINIAN PRESIDENT AND POPE
FRANCIS.
THE POPE HOPES THE MEETING WIL
HELP THE STALLED PEACE PROCESS
HE WAS IN THE HOLY MONTH LAS
NIGHT AND SURPRISED THE HEADS OF
STATE TO INVITE TO COME TO THE
VAL CAN.
HUNDREDS OF SHOPS WERE CLOSE
TODAY WITH NEAR 3030
PALESTINIAN PRISONERS ON A
HUNGER STRIKE.
THEY'RE DEMANDING ISRAEL APOLISH
THE PRACTICE
120 PRISONERS BEGAN THE HUNGER
STRIKE ON APRIL 24th, LATE
ZWROINED BY 170 OTHER INMATES.
ISRAEL IS HOLDING TH
PALESTINIANS UNDER WHAT THEY
CALL ADMINISTRATIVE DETENTION OR
DETENTION WITHOUT TRIAL.
THE PRACTICE HAS PROVEHICLED
INTERNATIONAL CRITICISM.
>>> IN AUSTRALIA TODAY, FAMILY
FZ FIVE PASSENGERS WHO WER
ABOARD MAY LAZIAN FLIGHT I
RAISING REWARD MONEY
THEY'RE HOPING TO RAISE$
MILLION TO ENCOURAGE A, QUOTE,
WHISTLE-BLOWER TO COME FORWARD
ACCORDING TO A STATEMENT
>>> IT HAS BEEN EXACTLY THRE
MONTHS SINCE THE BOEING 77
DISAPPEARED ON ROUTE FROM KOAL
LUMPUR TO BEIJING.
GUNMEN HAVE KILLED AT LEAST FIVE
PEOPLE IN KARACHI.
ALL FLIGHTS HAVE BEEN SUSPENDE
BUT THE IDENTITY OF TH
ATTACKERS IS UNKNOWN
ACCORDING TO THE "NEW YORK
TIMES," AT LEAST EIGHT GUNME
ARE INVOLVED AND FIGHTIN
CONTINUES.
THERE ARE REPORTS THAT THE
PAKISTANI MILITARY IS ON THE
SCENE AND AT LEAST ONE AIRPLAN
IS ON FIRE
>>> IT HAS BEEN ANOTHER VIOLEN
BEAK IN NNIGERIA
IN MONDAY, BOKO HARAM ATTACKED
THREE VILLAGES IN TH
NORTHEASTERN PART OF THE
COUNTRY, KILLING HUNDREDS P.
ON WEDNESDAY, 45 MORE WERE
KILLED BY THE GROUP AFTER THEY
WERE GATHER ND FRONT OF
MOSQUE
MORE THAN 2,000 PEOPLE HAVE BEEN
KILLED BY THE GROUP THIS IT YEAR
ALONE.
AND 750,000 DRIVEN FROM THEI
HOMES.
THIS VIOLENCE COMES AS REPORTS
THAT MEMBERS OF THE NIGERIAN
MILITARY HAVE BEEN FOUND GUILT
FOR PROVIDING ARMS AND
INFORMATION TO THE EXTREMIST
GROUP.
BOKO HARAM IS STILL HOLDING MORE
THAN 270 GIRLS KIDNAPPED FRO
THEIR SCHOOL ON APRIL 15th
WE'RE JOINED FROM NIGERIA BY TIM
COX, THE CHIEF CORRESPONDENT FOR
REUTERS.
LET'S START WITH THE STATUS OF
THE GIRLS, PRESIDENT GOODLUC
JONATHAN SAYS HE KNOWS WHERE
THEY ARE BUT THERE HASN'T BEEN P
ANY ACTION TAKEN
>> THE GOVERNMENT IS IN
DIFFICULT POSITION BECAUSE THE
GIRLS ARE ALMOST CERTAIN BEE
KEPT IN ONE PLACE, AND THE ARE
WHERE THEY ARE IS QUITE A LARG
AREA
THE DILEMMA THEY FACE IS THAT IT
TO DO IN TO TRY TO RESCUE THEM
SUPPOSING THEY CAN EVEN RESCUE
ONE GROUP, THE PROBLEM THEN THAT
WOULD ENDANGER THE LIVES OF TH
OTHERS
LET'S NOT FORGET IT''S A
TEXTBOOK ISLAMIST/AL QAEDA
TACTIC TO KILL YOUR HOSTAG
PHYSICIAN YOU THINK THEY'R
ABOUT TO BE FREED.
THIS HAS HAPPENED BEFORE WIT
WESTERN HOSTAGES IN NIGERIA AN
THE LAST THING THEY WANT IS FO
THIS TO BE SOME KIND OF BLOO
BATH
THAT WOULD MAKE THEM LOOK EVEN
WORSE THAN THINGS DO NOW
ON THE OTHER HAND, THERE'S NOT
TOO MUCH THEY WANT TO OFFER THEM
EITHER
THERE'S TALK OF MONEY.
THERE'S TALK OF SOME KIND OF
BUSINESS SWAP.
THAT'S WHAT BOKO HARAM
SUGGESTED.
THE GOVERNMENT SAYS, IF WE START
RELEASING THEM, WE MAKE THEM
STRONGER
WE THINK ABOUT THOSE WHO HAVEN'T
BEEN KILLED OR KIDNAPPED
THEY'RE VERY DANGEROUS AND
VIOLENT.
THEY DON'T WANT TO GIVE THEM ANY
ADVANTAGE.
>> YOU MENTIONED THE CONNECTIO
TO AL QAEDA.
HOW STRONG OF A CONNECTION I
THERE BETWEEN BOKO HARAM AND
AL QAEDA
ARE THEY IT OFFICIALLY DEEMED BY
AL QAEDA AS A MEMBERIN
ORGANIZATION
>> THE ALD LEADERSHIP IN
AFGHANISTAN HAS NEVER TO M
KNOWLEDGE ONCE EVEN PUBLICLY
MENTIONED BOKO HARAM
THERE'S NO TALK THAT THE
PROGRAM -- THE BEHAVIOR ISN'
THE SORT OF THING THAT THE
CURRENT LEADERSHIP WOULD
SANCTION
CERTAINLY THESE MASSIVE ATTACK
ON CIVILIANS SEEMINGLY WANTO
KILLING OF CIVILIANS IN LARG
NUMBERS AND HE VERY LARG
PROPORTIONS, MUSLIM CIVILIANS AS
WELL, IS NOT THE KIND OF THING
IN FACT, AL QAEDA'S LEADERSHIP
CAME OUT REESE ENTSLY TO SAY
THAT THEY DIDN'T WANT TOO MUCH
KILLING OF CIVILIANS IN SYRIA.
THEY ACTUALLY BROKE AWAY WIT
AL QAEDA IF IRAQ AND THE
CONDEMNED THIS
SO THE WAY THEY'RE GOING ABOUT
THINGS IS NOT THE KIND OF THIN
THE LEADERSHIP SANCTIONS, EVEN
AL QAEDA IN THE SAHARA WOULD
SANCTION WHO THEMSELVES, THE
SOMALI GROUP IS FOCUSED ON THING
THAT'S ARE SANCTIONED,
KIDNAPPING WESTERNERS, ISSUING
TARGETS LIKE THE ALGERIAN -- I
IT JANUARY OF LAST YEAR.
THIS KIND OF -- ESPECIALLY
KIDNAP IT GIRLS I DON'T THIN
THAT'S THE SORT OF THING THE
LEADERSHIP WOULD WANT RIGHT NOW.
>> WHAT ABOUT THE IDEA THA
THERE HAVE BEEN SENIOR MEMBERS
OF THE NIGERIAN MILITARY OR AI
TO BOKO HARAM.
THERE'S THAT SUSPICION OF TH
BECAUSE THE MILITARY, MUCH LIK
NIGERIA ITSELF, IS ETHNICALL
AND BE SECTARIANLY DIVIDED
THE MILITARY DENIES THAT
THEY DENY ANYONE HAS BEE
COURT-MARTIALED.
SO THE OFFICIAL POSITION IS IT
HAZ HASN'T HAPPENED.
BUT THERE'S ALWAYS BEEN THAT
SUSPICION, ESPECIALLY AMONGS
SOLDIERS IN THE FIELD THAT
SOMETIMES THEY'RE AMBUSHED AND
THE ENEMY SEEMS TO KNOW WHAT
THEIR MOVEMENTS ARE, THEIR PLANS
ARE.
AND THE ONLY EXPLANATION FOR
THIS, FOR THE ABILITY TO DOA
BOW COKE HARAM TO AMBUSH I
THEY'RE GIVEN WARNING.
>> TIM IT COX, THANKS SO MUCH.
>>> MONDAY WILL MARK ONE YEA
SINCE EDWARD SNOWDEN MAD
HEADLINES BY IDENTIFIED HIMSEL
AS A SOURCE OF INFORMATION
LEAKED FROM THE NSA.
>> THEY PIFKLY TARGET TH
COMMUNICATIONS OF EVERYONE
IT INGESTS THEM BY DEFAULT
IT COLLECTS THEM IN ITS SYSTEM
AND FILTERS THEM AND ANALYZE
THEM AND MEASURES THEM AND
STORES THEM FOR PERIODS OF TIME.
>> THE U.S. GOVERNMENT CLAIMED
THE REVELATIONS WOULD MAKE
VALUABLE INFORMATION AVAILABLE
TO THE ENEMIES
IN THE PAST YEAR, SNOWDEN HA
SPOKEN BY SOUTH BY SOUTHWEST
CONFERENCE AND SAT DOWN FOR AN
INTERVIEW WITH BRIAN WILLIAM
FROM RUSSIA WHERE HE CURRENTLY
HAS ASYLUM
>> ALL WE NEED TO DO IS TAKE
ACTION TO HOLD OUR GOVERNMENT TO
ACCOUNT.
>> FOR MORE, WE'RE JOINED FROM
WASHINGTON BY THE INTELLIGENCE
CORRESPONDENT FROM THE "WALL
STREET JOURNAL."
SO WHAT'S SNOWDEN'S STATUS
HAS THE POSITION OF TH
GOVERNMENT CHANGED AT ALL THIS
YEAR
>> THE POSITION OF THE U.S
GOVERNMENT HASN'T CHANGED IN
TERMS OF HIS STATUS, ALTHOUGH WE
HAVE SEEN SOME PRETT
SIGNIFICANT POLICY SHIFTS OVER
THE LAST YEAR, PARTICULARLY AS
IT HAS TO DO WITH THE NSA DATA
PROGRAM.
>> IN THE LAST YEAR, HAS THE
GOVERNMENT CHANGED THE WAY I
GATHERS ITS INTELLIGENCE OR HO
HAS THE INTELLIGENCE GATHERING
APPARATUS CHANGED AS A RESULT OF
THESE REVELATIONS?
>> WELL, I THINK IT REMAINS TO
BE SEEN WHAT WILL CHANGE I
TERMS OF ACTUAL INTELLIGENCE
COLLECTION
THERE WAS QUITE A BIT OF OUTCR
ABOUT THE MONITORING OF FOREIG
LEADERS.
THERE WERE 35 SOME FOREIGN
LEADERS THAT THE NATIONA
SECURITY AGENCY WAS MONITORING
EAVESDROPPING ON, AND I THIN
THE MOST NOTICEABLE WAS GERMAN
CHANCELLOR ANGELA MERKEL
AND THAT HAS EITHER BEEN
REEVALUATED OR IN MANY CASES
CEASED
AND THE PRESIDENT IN JANUARY P
DID ANNOUNCE A SET OF CHANGE
THIS SOME WHICH WERE TO BE
IMPLEMENTED IMMEDIATELY, WHICH
HAS H TO DO WITH SOME SMALLE
ALTERATIONS WITH WHICH THE WAY
THE NSA WAS COLLECTING AMERICA
PHONE DATA AS WELL AS PRIVAC
PROTECTIONS TO FOREIGNERS IN
TERMS OF THE WAY THAT NS
HANDLED ITS SURVEILLANCE DATA.
BUT THE BIG QUESTION MARK IS
STILL WHAT SORT OF REFORMS WE'LL
SEE TO THE ACTUAL NSA PHONE DATA
PROGRAM.
THERE IS NOW LEGISLATION PENDING
ON CAN CAPITOL HILL THAT WOULD
IMPLEMENT THE CHANGES TH
PRESIDENT HAS RECOMMENDED WHIC
WOULD PRIMARILY HAVE PHONE
COMPANIES CONDUCTING THE
SEARCHES OF PHONE DATA INSTEAD
STD NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY
THEN IT WOULD PROVIDE TH
RESULTS TO THE NATIONAL SECURITY
AGENCY
>> AND THAT MADE ITS WAY THROUGH
THE HOUSE IN A BIPARTISAN MANNER
WHAXT IS THE CHANCE OF I
PASSING IN THE SENATE AN
POSSIBLY GETTING SIGNED INTO
LAW?
>> IT'S INTERESTING.
THERE WAS A HEARING LAST WEE
THAT WAS SORT OF THE FIRST
PUBLIC VETTING THAT THE SNATS IT
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE DID O
THE HOUSE PROPOSAL THAT PASSED
WE SAW A LOT OF SKEPTICISM BOT
FROM REPUBLICANS AND P DEMOCRA
SHGTSZ GENERALLY FOR DIFFERENT
REASONS.
BUT IT SUGGEST THAT'S TH
PASSAGE MAY NOT BE TANT AINS O
SMOOTH, BUT I BELIEVE PEOPLE
SPECIAL SOMETHING TO PASS AT
SOME POINT BECAUSE THE LAW THA
AUTHORIZES THAT PROGRAM THAT
EXPIRE IN A YEAR
>> HOW WORRIES ARE THE OFFICIALS
YOU SPEAK WITH IT SEEMS A SERIES
OF SHOES HAVE DROPPED.
ARE THEY WORRIED WHAT ELSE MAY
COME OUT IN THE NEXT FEW WOOKS
OR MONTHS?
>> I THINK THEY'RE PERPETUALLY
CONCERNED BECAUSE THEY NEVER
KNOW
GLEN GREENWALD HAS BEEN FLAGGING
PUBLICLY THAT HE DOES HAVE A
LEAST ONE SIGNIFICANT STORY TO
COME
HE'S SORT OF SUGGESTED SOME SORT
SEEN
I DON'T THINK THAT U.S
OFFICIALS QUITE KNOW EXACTLY
WHAT THAT IS SO I THINK THAT
THERE'S STILL PRETTY MUCH ON
EDGE ABOUT IT.
BUT AT THE SAME TIME ONCE YO
GET SORT OF A YEAR INTO, YOU
KNOW, SOME OF THE WAY THEY
HANDLE THESE ISSUES ARE KIND O
INCORPORATED INTO JUST SORT OF
NORMAL BUSINESS.
>> HAS PUBLIC PERCEPTION CHANGED
OVER THE PAST YEAR ABOUT EDWAR
SNOWDEN?
>> IN SMALL WAYS YES BUT NOT A
MUCH AS YOU MIGHT THINK.
I WAS LOOKING AT THE POLLS
LAST JULY HIS POSITIVES WERE A
11% AND TODAY THEY'RE AT 13%
SO THAT HASN'T SHIFTED ALL THAT.
ACROSS AMERICA
HIS NEGATIVES HAVE GONE DOWN
FROM 36% TO 27%.
BUT STILL IT'S SORT OF A 2-TO-
RATIO OR A LITTLE MORE IN TERM
OF A NEGATIVE VIEW
THE INTERESTING THING IS THE
YOUNGEST DEMOGRAPHIC YOU MAY NOT
BE SURPRISED TO LEARN HAS
DIFFERENT VIEW FROM THE OLDE
DEMOGRAPHIC.
SO PEOPLE WHO ARE OF THE
FACEBOOK GENERATION, IF YO
WILL, FIND SNOWDEN A MUCH MORE
APPEALING INDIVIDUAL IN THIS
CONTEXT.
>> INTELLIGENCE CORRESPONDEN
FROM THE "WALL STREET JOURNAL,
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> THANK YOU
>>> WATCH JEFFREY BROWN'
INTERVIEW WITH THE AUTHOR OF
"THE SNOWDEN FILES" ON WHAT TH
WORLD HAS LEARNED ABOUT AMERICAN
SURVEILLANCE SINCE THE SNOWDEN
LEAKS.
VISIT NEWS HOUR.PBS.ORG.
>>> THE UNITED NATIONS REPORTS
THAT AS MANY AS 1 IN 3 SOMALIS
SUFFER FROM SOME KIND OF MENTA
ILLNESS.
THIS IN EY THAT AS YOU'RE ABOU
TO SEE PLACES A HUGE STIGMA ON
THOSE WHO NEED HELP AIXT POPULAR
METHODS OF TREATMENT INCLUDE
EXORCISM
THIS IS A MENTALLY ILL SOMAL
MAN, I MET HIM CHAINED UP LIKE
AN ANIMAL.
HIS FAMILY KEPT HIM LOCKED U
SAYING HE WAS A DANGER T
HIMSELF AND OTHERS
HE WAS UNWASHED, IGNORED, AN
ISOLATED
BUT HIS CASE IS NOT EXCEPTIONAL.
IN SOMALIA, THERE IS LITTL
UNDERSTANDING OR TREATMENT O
MENTAL HEALTH ILLNESS.
MEN LIKE THIS ONE ARE THE FOCU
KNOWN AS THE MADMAN.
UP TO 17 YEARS OF A CHAINED MAN,
A MENTAL HEALTH NURSE CAME T
HIS RESCUE
WITH THE SHACKLE FZ HIS LIFE
REMOVED, HE WAS WALKING INTO A
LIFE FULL OF HOPE.
EIGHT MONTHS OF TREATMENT, HER
HE IS.
IN IT THE SAME CLINIC THE NURS
BROUGHT HIM TO
>> SHE IS ASSURING HIM LIFE AS A
CHAINED MAN IS NOW BEHIND HIM.
HE WISHES HIS FRIENDS LUCK
BUT SHE IS KEEN TO MOVE HIM ON
TO TAKE HIM TO HIS FAMILY.
HE IS EXCITED TO BEGIN A NEW
CHAPTER IN HIS LIFE AS A FRE
MAN.
BUT SOME FRIENDS ARE SAD TO SE
HIM GO
>> BUT AS HE GETS CLOSER T
HOME, HE BECOMES ANXIOUS, NO
SURE WHAT TO EXPECT.
PERHAPS EIGHT MONTHS IS NOT LONG
ENOUGH TO FORGET THE ORDEAL HE
WENT THROUGH AT HIS FAMILY'S
HOME OVER THE YEARS.
THE TIN HUT WHERE HE SPENT MAN
YEARS OF HIS LIFE IS STILL
THERE.
A REMINDER THAT HE COULD B
CHAINED AGAIN.
BUT HE WALKS AWAY FROM HIS PAST.
HIS OLD ROOMMATES ARE ALL ON
THEIR OWN.
>> THE CHILDREN OF THE FAMIL
ARE NERVOUS ABOUT HIS RETURN
HIS NIECE AND NEPHEW HAVE ALWAYS
BEEN WARNED TO STAY AWAY FRO
HIM.
AND THEY ARE TOO YOUNG TO SE
THE CHANGES IN THEIR UNCLE'S
CONDITION.
HE KNOWS IT WILL TAKE THEM TIM
TO FEEL SAFE
FOR THE FIRST TIME IN MANY
YEARS, HIS FAMILY WELCOMES HIM
INSIDE, INTO THE LIVING ROOM,
PLACE HE HE WAS FORBIDDEN FROM
ENTERING
>> WITH MARIA GONE, HIS DA
TRIES TO REASSURE HIM THAT
THINGS HAVE CHANGED.
BUT THE PRESENCE OF THE TIN HU
IS CLEARLY BOTHERING HIM
LATER THAT AFTERNOON, HIS MOTHER
COMES BACK FROM WORK
HE'S VERY CLOSE TO HIS MOM
>> THE CHILDREN ARE STARTING T
RELAX AROUND HIM
AND HE'S ABLE TO CHAT OVER A
SIMPLE CUP OF TEA.
HE IS NOW A MEMBER OF TH
FAMILY, A SON, A BROTHER, AN
UNCLE.
BUT WILL SOCIETY ACCEPT HIM?
HE WILL ALWAYS BE CALLED THE
MADMAN
>> JOIN US ONLINE AND AN OIR
TOMORROW ON THE NEWS HOUR.
A REPORT FROM THE VETERANS
ADMINISTRATION ON HOW LONG
THAT'S WAIT FOR HEALTH CAR
AROUND THE NATION.
THAT'S IT FOR THIS EDITION O
PBS NEWS HOUR WEEKEND.
THANKS FOR WATCHING.
-- Captions by VITAC -
www.vitac.co